README.md, before:

# Dance Monkey
a chrome/firefox extension to help with learning dances from YouTube videos. The
name comes from "code monkey" but for dancing (dance monkeys just follow what the
dancer on the screen does, code monkeys just code what their boss tells them to
code).

The Figma design file: [link](https://www.figma.com/file/tIFpsQBEdYRqMR03bvkYrz/dance-monkey?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=WpDWxXPhiKGkoPqq-1)

All of the beautiful icons are actually emojis from [OpenMoji](https://openmoji.org/)!

## Manual Testing in Firefox
Clone the repository, open Firefox > Add-ons Manager > Extensions >
gear/settings button > **Debug Add-ons** > Load Temporary Add-on... > select the
manifest.json file of Dance Monkey. Click "Inspect" on the loaded extention
block to view console messages, etc.

## Things I Learned
- There's a standard for adding in-line documentation for JavaScript, called
[JSDoc](https://jsdoc.app/)
- [Scripting Web API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/scripting#runtime-functions)
- Use `<link>` instead of `@import` for loading fonts. `@import` waits until the
style file has been fetched before rendering, so it takes more time to show.
- CSS is *so much easier* to understand by **inspecting the browser**
- a [wonderful reference to CSS flexbox](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/interactive-guide-to-flexbox/)
- loading a script pauses the parsing of HTML, so [adding an async or defer](https://www.growingwiththeweb.com/2014/02/async-vs-defer-attributes.html)
tag can help with the loading
- it's [not recommended to inline event handlers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events#inline_event_handlers_%E2%80%94_dont_use_these)

Commit message:

Update manifest permissions
I'll work on the MutationObserver and message passing next. The form
got 7 responses, so I'm really motivated to finish by the end of
this weekend!

README.md, after:

# Dance Monkey
a chrome/firefox extension to help with learning dances from YouTube videos. The
name comes from "code monkey" but for dancing (dance monkeys just follow what the
dancer on the screen does, code monkeys just code what their boss tells them to
code).

The Figma design file: [link](https://www.figma.com/file/tIFpsQBEdYRqMR03bvkYrz/dance-monkey?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=WpDWxXPhiKGkoPqq-1)

All of the beautiful icons are actually emojis from [OpenMoji](https://openmoji.org/)!

## Manual Testing in Firefox
Clone the repository, open Firefox > Add-ons Manager > Extensions >
gear/settings button > **Debug Add-ons** > Load Temporary Add-on... > select the
manifest.json file of Dance Monkey. Click "Inspect" on the loaded extention
block to view console messages, etc.

### Manifest V3 Notes
I originally added
```json
"host_permissions": [
    "*://*.youtube.com/*",
    "*://*.youtube-nocookie.com/*",
    "<all_urls>"
],
```
because of the `activeTab` permission. But users have to manually enable
permissions for the extension to run on those sites. I think that's too much
work for the user, so I'm using the `tabs` permission instead.

## Things I Learned
- There's a standard for adding in-line documentation for JavaScript, called
[JSDoc](https://jsdoc.app/)
- [Scripting Web API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/scripting#runtime-functions)
- Use `<link>` instead of `@import` for loading fonts. `@import` waits until the
style file has been fetched before rendering, so it takes more time to show.
- CSS is *so much easier* to understand by **inspecting the browser**
- a [wonderful reference to CSS flexbox](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/interactive-guide-to-flexbox/)
- loading a script pauses the parsing of HTML, so [adding an async or defer](https://www.growingwiththeweb.com/2014/02/async-vs-defer-attributes.html)
tag can help with the loading
- it's [not recommended to inline event handlers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events#inline_event_handlers_%E2%80%94_dont_use_these)
